inv11 T: Class -> Group implies Teacher -> Class
inv11 T: Class -> Group implies Teacher -> Class
inv11 T: Class -> Groups implies Teacher -> Class
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Class
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teaches.Class
inv11 T: ~Groups.Class implies ~Class.Teacher
inv11 T: ~Group.Class implies ~Class.Teacher
inv11 T: ~Groups.Class implies ~Class.Teacher
inv11 T: Groups.Class implies ~Class.Teacher
inv11 T: Class.Group implies Person = Teacher
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches
inv11 T: Class.Groups implies Teacher.Teaches

